All throughout history humans have struggled to find meaningful ways to deal with the waste they produce, and nowhere is this truer than in the construction and demolition of buildings. Since the industrial revolution, urban areas have seen huge population increases, and as a result, more buildings and houses were constructed. For so many years, the preferred way of disposing unwanted materials from construction or demolition sites was to toss them into landfills to be buried later or to dump them in bodies of water such as rivers or the ocean. Though with the creation of important government agencies such as the Environmental Protection Agency and the U.S. Green Building Council, which runs the Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) program, along with the general acceptance by the public that sustainability is a critical issue, huge strives have been made to limit the amount of wastes produced in construction and demolition. In matter of fact, many innovative programs and methods are now in place, helping to make the construction industry a leader in sustainability. Throughout history, the most common method for disposing of waste from a construction site usually was to throw the materials in a landfill. Joseph Laquatra and Mark Pierce of Cornell University go on to state that when archeological work was done at the Independence National Historic Park in Philadelphia during the year 2000, construction debris consisting of wood, stone, brick, mortar, plaster, and concrete were found. What is noteworthy is that area used to have a lot of 18th and 19th century buildings that were demolished to build the park in 1950. Laquatra and Pierce continue by stating that much of that demolition rubble was also transported by rail to be disposed of in a lake outside the city (Laquatra, Pierce, 284-285). These disposal methods continued through to the 1970s when the EPA was created, setting stricter guidelines on how construction waste materials were to be disposed in landfills. One of the stricter guidelines put in place was the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act of 1976, which caused many landfills across the country to close or be forced to adhere to very struct guidelines. As a result, Laquatra and Pierce go on to state, “the closure of these dumps across the country and the expense of constructing engineered sanitary landfills significantly increased disposal costs…the increased cost of disposal began to make recycling of materials an economically viable option” (Laquatra, Pierce, 285). The old, accepted method of disposing of construction and demolition waste became less popular due to government regulations, thus making new recycling systems more popular and economical.